Why did you hit someone?
I hit you lightly
You slander the princess's innocence
Pass on the decree
If someone slander the princess's innocence again
Zhang Wu is young
Difficult to report
Reward Bailiang
King Jing is the brother of the late emperor
His Majesty imprisoned him
Isn't it what Junjun did?
Su Haihou
You come and explain to this prince
King Jing colluded with the Northern Yuan and Laos
Intent to subvert is greater than the country
Impossible King Jing is a wise king
King Jing wants to rebel
The evidence is solid
There's no question about it.
Even if King Jing deserved it
It's always true to reuse eunuchs, right?
When have I reused eunuchs?
Don't you reuse eunuchs by making them princes?
Suhaigong Zhongti Kingdom
Raised more than 30 million taels for the army
He served the court well
Shouldn't I reward him?
Those businesspeople were forced by traitors
Have you investigated
If not forced by power
Who would give money to a eunuch?
I ask you
Am I the most powerful person in the world?
Of course.
Then I tell you
I want to take a picture of Hao
Beijing agency of Tianming Light Mirror
It took 150,000 two
Your collusion instrument does not count
Then I'll tell you again
All the officials here
They are all vying for the right to shoot
No way. Why would they do that?